Add custom ONNX guides for use-cases. Add bucketing and scheduler guides (#960)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: README.md

  </div>
</div>

> DeepSparse is a CPU inference runtime that takes advantage of sparsity within neural networks to execute inference quickly. Coupled with SparseML, an open-source optimization library, DeepSparse enables you to achieve GPU-class performance on commodity hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DeepSparse](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse) is a CPU inference runtime that takes advantage of sparsity within neural networks to execute inference quickly. Coupled with [SparseML](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml), an open-source optimization library, DeepSparse enables you to achieve GPU-class performance on commodity hardware.
```

<p align="center">
   <img alt="NM Flow" src="docs/neural-magic-workflow.png" width="60%" />
</p>

> For details of training an inference-optimized sparse model for deployment with DeepSparse, [checkout SparseML](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details of training an inference-optimized sparse model for deployment with DeepSparse, [check out SparseML](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml).
```

## Installation

DeepSparse is available in two editions: 
1. DeepSparse Community is free for evaluation, research, and non-production use with our [DeepSparse Community License](https://neuralmagic.com/legal/engine-license-agreement/).
2. DeepSparse Enterprise requires a [trial license](https://neuralmagic.com/deepsparse-free-trial/) or [can be fully licensed](https://neuralmagic.com/legal/master-software-license-and-service-agreement/) for production, commercial applications.

#### Install via Docker (Recommended)

DeepSparse Community is available as a container image hosted on [GitHub container registry](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/pkgs/container/deepsparse).

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/neuralmagic/deepsparse:1.4.2
docker tag ghcr.io/neuralmagic/deepsparse:1.4.2 deepsparse-docker
docker run -it deepsparse-docker
```

- [Checkout the Docker page](docker/) for more details.

#### Install via PyPI
DeepSparse Community is also available via PyPI. We recommend using a virtual enviornment.

```bash
pip install deepsparse
```

> - [Checkout the Installation page](docs/user-guide/installation.md) for optional dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Check out the Installation page](docs/user-guide/installation.md) for optional dependencies.
```

output = compiled_model(inputs)
print(output)

# > [array([[-0.3380675 ,  0.09602544]], dtype=float32)] << raw scores
```

### DeepSparse Pipelines

Pipeline is the default API for interacting with DeepSparse. Similar to Hugging Face Pipelines, DeepSparse Pipelines wrap Engine with pre- and post-processing (as well as other utilities), enabling you to send raw data to DeepSparse and receive the post-processed prediction.

The example below downloads a 90% pruned-quantized BERT model for sentiment analysis in ONNX format from SparseZoo, sets up a pipeline, and runs inference on sample data.

```python
from deepsparse import Pipeline

# download onnx, set up pipeline
zoo_stub = "zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none"  
sentiment_analysis_pipeline = Pipeline.create(
  task="sentiment-analysis",    # name of the task
  model_path=zoo_stub,          # zoo stub or path to local onnx file
)

# run inference (input is a sentence, output is the prediction)
prediction = sentiment_analysis_pipeline("I love using DeepSparse Pipelines")
print(prediction)
# > labels=['positive'] scores=[0.9954759478569031]
```

#### Additional Resources 

> - Checkout the [Use Cases Page](docs/use-cases) for more details on supported tasks.
> - Checkout the [Pipelines User Guide](docs/user-guide/deepsparse-pipelines.md) for more usage details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check out the [Use Cases Page](docs/use-cases) for more details on supported tasks.
- Check out the [Pipelines User Guide](docs/user-guide/deepsparse-pipelines.md) for more usage details.
```
